The demonstration vehicle for this course will be based on
a use case from Keysoft Incorporated,
a fictitious company that developed an award-winning bug
tracking system called TrackZilla.
TrackZilla is a cloud-based web application that tracks defects and
enhancements requests for software applications.
TrackZilla has a global reach with millions of users around the globe.
Several users have asked for an easy way to access their data
from the TrackZilla system so they can create custom reports
using their own internal reporting tools.
Keysoft has decided to give users what they've been asking for by enhancing TrackZilla to expose data via REST APIs.